Skip to content
Our
Identity
Our
Services
Our
Approach
Our
News

Contact Us
Our
Clients
Our
Impact
Our
Team
Our
Book
Lead with 5H©
95% of our clients cite 5H© as the real secret of our success
Neuroscience Led Formula:
CorporateDNA’s proprietary 5H© Methodology is the neuroscience-led formula behind our proven results and global success. Over 10 years and across 26 countries, we have used the 5H© in all our programs, be it culture transformations, leadership development, building high performing teams, or executive coaching.

There are 5 clear lenses through which we approach developing the whole self in leadership – the Head, Heart, Hunch, Hands, and Habits – in other words, thinking, relating, sensing, doing, and applying.

The Head, Heart, and Hunch live in the Inner Game – the internal processes drive us to lead with purpose. The Hands and Habits exist in the Outer Game – the ways we translate our intent into action.

5H© was born from the core belief that to influence and succeed in a complex, matrixed, and fast-moving world, we need “whole leadership.” Traditional executive programs often develop skills that produce “partial leaders,” and can only be sustained in the short term. Our purpose is to go beyond and develop “whole leaders,” where all the learner’s faculties are engaged and integrated.

Unlike many learning experiences, which focus on imparting knowledge and expert best practices, DNA programs challenge participants to fully own their learning by making it real. They share real hopes and fears, practice new skills in front of peers, get immediate feedback and coaching from DNA coaches. Participants make courageous commitments to take 100% responsibility and are asked to show up with greater purpose and authentically.
Amy Yang, CEO
Levi Straus & Co., China
©2021- 5H is the sole copyright and IP of CorporateDNA Consulting. All rights reserved.



HEAD

How leaders think, reason and interpret the world around them
HEART

How leaders feel, relate and connect through emotion, authenticity and trust
HUNCH

How leaders sense and tap into their intuition, or their gut brain
HANDS

How leaders take tangible action through choices and decisions
HABITS

How leaders create sustainable change through building new habits, repetitive rituals, and practices
As part of developing the ‘Head’ faculty, we train a growth mindset in the client instilled through new beliefs, mindsets, thoughts, ideas and solutions.

We stretch and expand the rational mind to think beyond fixed boundaries of the known and the safe. We combine this with tried and tested methods of overcoming limiting beliefs and cognitive biases to release the best ideas and solutions. We help leaders unlearn their reliance on pure cognitive logic for decision making.

Corporate DNA’s 5H methodology provides the foundation for our ways of working and our engagement with clients around the world. Within the 5H wheel, each of the 5H’s (Head, Heart, Hunch, Hands, and Habits) are further defined by being broken down into their component parts. Through this process, we are able to visualize the key dimensions that are critical building blocks for personal success and individual growth. 


The 5H© are highly interconnected and don’t live in separate compartments. Through the 5H©, we are able to illuminate different aspects in a single leadership ingredient:
Courage, a core leadership ingredient, cannot have a simple definition unless nuanced through the 5H©: for example, as a leader I may be better at “thinking brave,” which refers to Head-based courage, while you may excel at “acting brave,” which refers to Hands-based courage and taking decisive action. CorporateDNA believes we need different elements of coaching, to make the learning personal, relevant, and lasting.


The 5H© methodology  is an integrated ecosystem created with simplicity in mind. One cannot exist without the other. To be a better “thinker”, you must also be more aware as a “feeler”. To be a “do-er”, you must also be in tune as a “sensor”. These 5H© live in a symbiotic, interdependent loop that leads to whole leadership transformation. However, this transformation can only happen when the Hs connect. Clients love the 5H© methodology because it’s simple and practical, but nuanced and deep at the same time.

Through 5H©, translating intent into action is done by encouraging the learner to:
Build great habits beyond ‘aha’ moments by repeating a skill enough to strengthen the neural connections in the brain through practice, problem-solving and decision-making
Create real world relevance by actively participating, experimenting and co-creating possible ideas and solutions
“Normalize” the real power in learning from mistakes
Share peer learning within the group by using a collaborative model of multi loop problem solving and feedback cycles
Create sustainable habits with new mindsets and skill sets that drive long term success outside of the workshops
Gain self-efficacy and confidence
Accelerate ROI for the organization’s learning investments
In our delivery, we bring the confidence of digitally sustainable tools, experiential learning, insightful coaching, accountability frameworks, multi-loop problem-solving, and feedback cycles in all of our programs to truly engage learners in their transformation.
Levi’s Greater China LT has shared such a special part of the journey with the DNA team… I am very impressed by your use of the 5H© and the progress you have led us to make. From a broken start, the turnaround has been beyond my expectations. While there is still a long way to go, it would have been impossible to get to where we are now without you! The new team is probably still a bud, but full of vitality and will surely grow very fast.
Amy Yang, Managing Director
Levi’s China
During Covid-19, GlaxoSmithKline adapted the 5H© framework to measure the progress of its high potentials within Emerging Markets
Rhea Leckie, Founder
Explore more Client Stories

GSK
Find out more

HEINEKEN
Find out more

Unilever
Find out more

Shell
Find out more

Morgan Stanley
Find out more

aviva
Find out more

Coca Cola
Find out more

Levis
Find out more
London
60 St Martin's Ln, Covent Garden, London WC2N 4JS
Tel: +44 20 3755 5329
london@corporatednaconsulting.com
singapore
The Great Room, Afro Asia, 63 Robinson Road, Level 8, Singapore 068894
Tel: +65 6995 2480
singapore@corporatednaconsulting.com
Dubai
Sheikh Rashid Tower, 4th Floor, Dubai World Trade Centre, Dubai - United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia
2888 King Fahd Road, Saudi Journalists Association Building, ​ 2nd Floor, Al Sahafah, Dist.13671 ​ Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi, ​ 13321, RASA6101
CONTACT US
Linkedin
 Youtube
PRIVACY POLICY
