correções por email
Page
Feedback
Home
Remove Brandon hall pop up on hero image add this to awards
"See the work" should link to Clients & Impact
Have 4 metrics displayed horizontally 
Add company logos to client metrics
Our people section - photo quality is not great, some photos are cropped. Add some colour to headers (red)
Move awards above books
Have similar layout to in partnership with as services page
About
Move block one to block 3, block 2 and 3 should become 1 and 2.
Have offices static - 5 horizontal static. 
Add offices to bottom right of hero image 
Current block 2 - change text to OUR PEOPLE LIVE OUR PURPOSE 
When a client trusts us as a consulting firm, that trust starts from the very first interaction with the people who represent CorporateDNA and how we live our purpose in the moments that matter .
How we listen. How we challenge. How we add value. How we navigate difficult decisions and conversations. And how we use our discernment  to know when to lead, when to question and when to listen. 
For us, Keeping Leadership Real starts from the inside out. It shapes how we work with each other and how we show up with our clients—with honesty, care, candour and experience.
Because before our clients experience our work, they experience our people. And our people bring our purpose to life.
Services
Change top 150 leadership development to Senior Leadership Development 
Partners - HBI and Imperial college on row 1 
Services internal 
Re-layout the internal with the image nova-pagina-interna-servicoes.jpg inside meetings folder
Team 
Change Hero text too - We’ve led. We’ve learned. We bring both
Practitioners first. Consultants second
A senior leadership team, backed by a global faculty of 60+ practitioners delivering across 36 countries.
Maliha - MENA, Carol is UKEE, Nic is Asia 


correções que eu anotei
home page

remover o car de awards do hero
the number should be horozontalu ina line
colocar os logso nos cases 
top headings in red da secao our pelople
as fotos estao cortando os rostos 
awards nad mentions above the book
a seção de parceiros tem que ser igual a secao da listagem de servicos
tela about
colocar os escritoios embiaxo dos numeros
o bloco da foto seria o 3 da pagina 
maliha te textos revisados para enviar do bloco com a imagem
na parte do que te os ofices colocar eles abertos sempre

services
trocar para senior leadship developmet - trocar o top 150
dois logos pra cima harvacrd e imperial college e oss outros pra baixo
pagina interna de serviços

mmudar o layout para a imagens que a maliha mandou no drive
sao duas imagens diferetes

team
trocar o texto do hero
nome em vermelho do team

o global 
organizar em regions 
put the carousel da home na pagina

mudar book para events
insigths and books e a seção de book vai pra tela de insigths 

