Daily CDNA <> Dobro - September 16
VIEW RECORDING - 25 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/fr8xDFYfuNsQy2ujzBdTnAyQ7eQ3B_xz

---

0:04 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Hello. Hi. Hello. Hi, Lance. How are we? Good.

0:12 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  You? I'm good, thank you.

0:14 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Early morning? Sorry?

0:19 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Have you had coffee yet? Oh.

0:26 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Lovely. Is this today or is anyone else joining? Maybe Guli, but Guli will not come. He's not coming? Oh, crap.  No. Shall I hand over to you guys first or do you want me to go first today?

0:48 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  You can go first. Just wondering if you could see the changes we sent yesterday on the group?

0:55 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Yes. Yes. So I'm to bring up my screen again. all right all right if i can figure this out window and i want that one okay at some points guys just pre-warning you at some points i might start talking really loud and you just have to pre-warn me there's drilling going on upstairs and i can't hear enough think so i talk louder to process the words but it sounds very loud to you so i'm sorry no problem okay um about page i think i'm happy with the about page um i might give you a different picture for this i think i uploaded it in the images folder uh let me bring that up i'm thinking if we can use my images  Am I confused? Was there a folder in here called Images? No, no. Apologies. There is now. While that's uploading in the background, just slight change on the picture here.  Just because I know we've extended this out and some of their faces look a bit distorted. And I am using a bigger screen, know this.  Happy with this, happy with this, happy with that, happy with that, happy with that. I'm happy with the About page.  Rhea needs the final sign off, but I'm very happy. Approach is, I know it's still a work in progress, so we're going on now.  I wanted to ask you, the page is already approved?

3:14 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  This?

3:16 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Or the example I see? No, the page that Guli has redesigned.

3:23 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Guli showed us this page on Monday, daily, I think. Show it to you, but I don't think he sent it in a group yet.  So I think he needs to send that in a group, so Guli can look at it and approve it as well.

3:42 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  So we haven't seen the delivered version of that, so I can't say whether it's approved or not approved yet.  How do you want us to do this? You want Guli to send the Figma file, so Rhea can...

4:00 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  I don't think it's a good idea. Maybe he can just send an image of the page in the group, in the WhatsApp, and we ask Rhea to look at it.

4:13 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  How do we want to do this? What we really can see is Rhea's not very tech savvy, and if we start sending her screenshots...  I had an idea.

4:28 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Maybe we can find that Monday daily, and we can cut the part that Guli showed you, the page, and then send in the group, and then Rhea can watch maybe that part of the video, and then she can move that.  I'm happy with that.

4:51 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Or if you can record a new video of him just showing her, and send it in the group, just so she can see it on that side of it.  I know he must have done some work since we last spoke, right? Okay. Sure. Okay.

5:08 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Thank you. Our services, very happy.

5:13 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  I have some more partners Rhea wants us to add in here. I'm just collating their logos and then I'll share those with you.  And I need to change these images, but that's my job and I'll share them with you once we've got the images.  But other than that, nothing else to be changed here. Team. I hate this one.

5:38 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Okay.

5:39 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  For the team, our Guli, he is currently creating a photo using AI. Once he shares that with you, it will be people sitting on stairs, but he's going to add himself in, take someone out, et cetera.  Once that's in, so this picture Guli sends you. Can we put that as a background here? Yes. And then the other thing we need to do, I need to update some of these individual photos, but again, it's sitting with me.  I need to find the right photo that Rhea approves. What we were thinking is... Sorry. Before I went on vacation, we had some different images there.  She wasn't happy with those either. Oh, okay. Yeah, what we're thinking is just to make it look a bit more consistent, maybe with black and white each other photos.  That could be approached, but what I could do, I could screenshot it, ask AI to put it in black and white just so I can visualize it.  But I still need to update Mike's photo. She's not happy with Mike. She's not happy with Jen's. And I'm working with her to get an approved photo.  Okay. Thank Uh… Yes. Oh, we added the plus button there.

7:04 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Did you see? I did see and I love this.

7:06 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Absolutely love this. Question. So this obviously links out to Rhea's LinkedIn. Can we do the same for the others?  If I give you their LinkedIn profiles? Yes, yes, of course. Okay. Leave that with me. One minor change on Jen.  Jen is now based in Australia. We can change it to Australia. I know she is head of Asia, but she's based in Australia.  But other than that, very happy. Thank you. Okay. This image here, can we change it to, where's the local drive?  Images. Some images missing here. So I'll upload it straight away for you, but the image we want it to be is this one.  I think we have not seen the image. Oh, you can't see it, can you? Okay, I will drop it in, into the same folder.  Thank you. you. Okay, you can see, where are we? Where's the image gone? I don't think that's Chrome, that's Edge.  Can you see this WhatsApp image of the team standing up, rear in the middle? Yeah. Yeah, that's the photo we want on, not there.  The one in the stairs, you mean, right? Not the one on the stairs, they just put up. It's we are seeing your Edge browser.

9:38 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Just the Edge browser with the one team, different perspectives, a shared purpose, and the image on the stairs. We are seeing that screen.  Ah, okay.

9:56 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  I will send it to you on WhatsApp so you can see it. you. Thank Okay, can we get rid of India here?  India will be covered under Asia, and she's just happy to have the four regions, Americas, Europe, GCC, Asia. We can get rid of India.  Yeah, sure. I have a question. Yeah. The image on the banner, can you scroll up, please?

10:30 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  The hero section. The hero section, yes.

10:35 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  This image, Rhea sent this image yesterday on the group, but I was not sure where to put it.

10:48 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Okay.

10:49 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  This, I think she sent it to the wrong group, if I'm honest with you. But this should be the image of the team on the stairs, but the version that...  Our Guli is going to send you a version today. That's what this image should be, and I'll chase him for it.  He hasn't sent it to me yet, he hasn't shared it, so I'll chase him and get him to give it to you today.

11:14 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Just a little reminder for Beto, Guli has to make this image with the right dimensions. Yeah, yes, I think this is what he's doing, because the image is portrait and we need landscape.  You need landscape.

11:35 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Yeah. Okay, I will relay that to Guli because I think he's doing some work using AI and something clever, so he may be able to fix it.  Yeah. But other than that, we're very happy with, I mean, that image needs to change. I need to give you updated images of the team.  is facing or is we black or white? Brady? A standard tone in front of the images, maybe like a red washout.  Do you know what I mean? This image needs to change and I think we want to make it like a landscape image just so this whole box is a bit smaller.  And then we need to get rid of India here. I do need to give you an updated America's photo that's sitting with Guli and I'll get that across to you as soon as and then maybe make this one smaller as well just because it's very big at the moment.  Okay moving on to services. Services, this page 90% happy. I need to update the images here. The other thing I notice when you click into these.  I don't think these have been updated yet if I'm right. No. know when that will be done? Sorry? Do you know when Rhea can review it?

13:08 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Today we're going to do it.

13:10 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  We're going to start. I had a question about the page. I saw that you uploaded an image of the layout of the page, this page on Drive, so we can follow that image to build the page, right?

13:31 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Please. Okay, okay. We could follow, but we could add. Yeah, use your initiative on what works and what doesn't work, but ultimately like that.

13:43 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Okay, because we probably will use some of the layout of the other sections, the components, the components, because if we don't do this, all pages will look different, but I think we can add.

14:00 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Our view to those sections so we can show a more premium design.

14:08 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Thank you. And the text of the pages, I think they are correct. So I sent you, so it's on the Word document, and it's like, let me see if I can stop sharing and then start sharing.  Bear with you, where have we gone? Where are we? We're I start sharing entire screen. Aha, screen two. Yes.  We're there now. Okay. So in the uploads I sent you, I go here, here. We're looking at services. So there's an XLS document.  There's also the Word document. I copied everything into the Word, but also if it's easier for you, I've uploaded the working document I was working on.  There are some gaps in here, but each of the texts, I've broken it down into the banner statement, impact of work, what CDNA does to help, case studies, testimonials, strapline, etc.  So all of this is in here against each of the services. I don't know if it's easy for you to review it here.  Yeah, we already used the Excel tool to populate the website with the texts, so the texts should be okay by now.  We just need to do the layout now. And the testimonials, there are some testimonials that are not yet in the document, right?  Yeah, I'm working on it. The issue I have is Rhea's away this week. much. S. S. And I'm trying to get her to close down the A-studies and then close any other gaps that she may have.  Mm-hmm. Okay. Going back to the website. So, you guys will work on this, make it look and feel better, I guess.  The team have showed you clients and impact. I've sent you the templates. I've got the first handful of the case studies.  So let me just talk you through what I'm going to upload and where to focus your attention. So I'll be uploading this into the clients and impact folder.  I will say you to filter column B under yes. And that's your starting point. Mm-hmm. So these will There should be enough information against each other, and the remaining work in progress on working with RIA to get them.  Okay, cool. Could you please open the drive folder for this section?

17:24 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  I noticed there is three images there, right?

17:28 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Yeah. So could you explain to me what are those, please?

17:35 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Okay.

17:36 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  This will be the detailed view of each of the case studies against each client. So this will be the layouts and the information on the Excel I'll be sending you.  There will be the challenge, what we do, what we did, what changed, client voice, and a few metrics to hold at the top.  So this will be reflected in the XLS. And then these two. And I we needed a call on this.  So ultimately, this will be the kind of layout we want, where we've got the breadth by service, and we'll give you this information.  I guess the call out for case studies, what our clients say. So these are the key things we want in terms of the information captured.  The other thing we wanted was this bit, the industries we work in, and I couldn't combine them into one image for you.  So I just uploaded both and I thought I'll talk you around what the vision is and then see how we can piece it together.  Okay.

18:45 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  So this tool should be for the future, I guess. We don't have this information, right? We have this information.

18:57 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Oh, okay. Okay. All of this information. So, landing page, you'll find the information in the Word document, client case studies, work in progress, but the ones I've got, I'm just uploading it right now for you, so you can see you get it propped in, and just filter it to column B, Y, and those are the ones we've signed off and completed.  Okay, so the first image should be the landing page for the client and impact. Yeah, but include that middle bit, maybe not as, maybe just, I'll show you something, one second.  Oh, wow, that's uploading, I don't want to explain. It doesn't even need to be that big, but ultimately when you click on case studies, you know how they've got like, industries they work in.  Literally just like this, we just want. to up. This Some of the industries that we've worked in highlighted. So we've done energy, technology, pharma, financial services, family business, just calling that out again, just literally it can be exactly like this.  Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll just show you the image. So this is the image. So this image needs to be import.  Yeah. Okay. And I'm done talking.

20:56 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Your turn.

21:00 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Oh, that's cool. Glad you liked it, what we made so far. guess today we're going to work on the client and impact and services, the internal pages of the service.  As I said, the taxes should be okay, but we need to work on the layout, the design, and a question about the other pages, the book pages, the book page.  The insights we live with.

21:39 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  Can we do the layout of those? Do you guys want to send something to us, the templates, or how do we want to do this?  I have no idea what to do.

21:52 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  So we've only got to do all of those.

21:54 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  We have to change this image because it's obviously. Made with AI, there's another alien language in the book, we have to, maybe, I don't know, maybe you can send us some picture of that you already have, these books, but you can think and get back to us later.

22:22 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Yeah, I think with the books it's less important, I can do that very quickly if I have the right people on the call, so I just need to understand what the vision is from the team, so leave that one with me, that would be very quick, because it doesn't require much thinking from the team, just, this is what we want, it is what it is.  Okay, Guli told us that you guys have two books, right? Yeah, so Rhea's written a book, and Nitin's written a book, and Nitin's book isn't on here, so this is Rhea's book, so we have two authors in the organisation.  One is Rhea, one is Nitin. I will get you something similar to Rhea's for Nitin, and I'll get that across to you.  Okay.

23:15 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  You can also see that maybe that's too much text on Rhea's book. Maybe you can reduce it and put two blocks Rhea's book on top and then Nitin's book.  I don't know if you guys want this page to explain a lot about the books and then you can see with your colleagues and get back to us about it.  Yeah.

23:57 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Leave it with me. I'm working on it. Insights, again, is another work in progress, because we don't have many thought leadership written articles at the moment.  There's probably three I can provide you, but again, I need to find out from the team what they want.  My guidance was, let's just keep it as a coming soon piece until we know what we want from here, but I'll work it out with them.  Okay.

24:29 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  I think we're getting there.

24:31 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  Yeah, and Guli sent the stare image that needs to go here. He sent that in the WhatsApp group, I just saw.  Okay.

24:46 - Dev em Dobro (devemdobro@gmail.com)
  I think today, by the end of the day, we will have to do those new pages. Brilliant.

24:57 - Maliha Bathool (corporatednaconsulting.com)
  And if you need me... I'm I'm signing off shortly, but I'm on WhatsApp, so if there's any questions, big or small, I run my way.  Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks. Thank you, guys. Bye-bye. Bye.